---
layout: page
permalink: '/_cooperblack/classic/pg02/'
---
Chapter 1

Chasing ammo

Cooper Black was travelling back to his home lodgings, with two NATO soldiers, and a driver with an 'Avalon' haircut - and glazed yellow-tinted sun shades - named Exos Luke. They were bound to fight back against the Russians in California, and stop them from causing chaos in America. The Cheetah 400 4x4 land rover they were riding on, was stolen from a car dealer in Arizona. Luckily, Cooper had left $30,000 bills on the cashier desk. Unluckily, perhaps the dealer hadn't noticed the money on the desks. That's why Cooper Black had to gun him down as always, to shut the bloody mouth from uttering a word to the cops.

Vandermann was seated at the back, with the soldiers. Maybe the Socom 16 rifles in their arms unnerved him.

"Need a drink?" Cooper handed a can of Redbull to Vandermann, and he himself glugged some down from his own can, before flinging it away to drift with the desert winds, with a "Whooohooo!"

They arrived at a road, composed mainly of mud bricks, dried in the sun for weeks, months, or even years; they spotted a milestone beside the road, but the inscribed text was too faded to read.

The soil here was sandy, bare, dry. A vast barren wasteland. The closer they moved towards the west coast, the more frequent number of cracks.

"So...Mr.Black," Vandermann began, after finishing the soft drink. "How far are we from your place?"

"Firstly, just call me Cooper Black," he replied grimly."And secondly, we are still 15 miles away from the estate. Thirdly, we aren't going to 'my' place. And fourthly, we're going to visit a 'friend' of mine. El Rickardo Viz is his name, and dealing guns is his fame."

***

The ground was crackling under the blazing hot sun, with gaps 11 mm apart. The scenario clearly stated the lack of moisture or rain in that particular region. 'The Rodeo Region' it was called.

In front of them, a bulky collection of blocks were arrayed in a row. The middle block was two leveled, with two single leveled ones flanking on either side. A rusty, brownish red saying "Rickardo's Baestro" hung from two black iron chains.

Ornate, aged glass windows let the outer atmosphere and light in. Two iron-bound wooden doors with brass rings were the only entrance to this estate.

Sadly, the 'lonely' estate lay surrounded by a vast wasteland of desert. The glaring sun reflected off the windows, and the solar panels perched on top of the rooftops were being overcharged by the radiation.

"So this is Viz's estate, huh?" Cooper's eyes squinted to make out the outlines of the bulky mansion.

They knocked at the door, by a brass ring.

*Knock! Knock! Knock!*

The 2.5 meter tall doors creaked noiselessly open outwards. And there and then, the impact of bullets came hurtling towards them at lightspeed.

"Everyone, duck!" Cooper yelled, unexpectedly.

They took shelter behind the steel-framed body of the 4x4D car. But the lead-antimony bullets were being shot at such a speed, that the car's body was about to be pierced through, after a dozen hits.

The soldiers, along with the driver, lay crouched with their hands covering their heads. Cooper Black and Vandermann flanked the doors, dodging bullets.

Cooper gestured at Vandermann, and he was off!

Both of them performed an edge-to-edge barrage, running to and from each side of the doors. They kept at it until a blanket of smoke covered the interior of the mansion.

The duo reloaded their SMGs, while the dust cloud cleared.

When it seemed safe enough, they scoured the insides.

It was a mess, inside. Picture frames lay torn and broken, and yet, they hung on the walls. The walls were covered and coated with scarlet wallpapers, decorated with patterns of the attackers' blood. There was a peach leather couch, flipped over for the back to face the doors; it had acted as a kind of hiding spot for covering and shooting at the same time. The floor was a field of Turkish carpets, scattered randomly around the room.

From the left and right-hand-side of the room, staircases emerged and led to the upper floors and halls. Used shells of bullets lay scattered on the floor.

However, even when there were countless stains and splotches of blood, there wasn't any sign of the bodies of the ambushers.

"You, Vandermann," Cooper pointed his index finger at him."You stay here, and guard the doors. Make sure nobody leaves. I'm goin' upstairs, to see off El Rickardo's men, myself."

Vandermann nodded as the great Cooper Black ascended up the stairs, pushed through a partly-locked door (he shot at it), and entered a dimly-lit room full of bags, crates, and boxes full of white powder, bearing the logo of the 'USS Enterprise'. Cooper recognized the powder as coccaine.

But as Cooper Black approached one of the crates, two muscular, hairy, and oily arms grabbed at his neck and dragged him backwards, with a muffled cry of pain.

It was too dim, too dark, to make out the details of the muscular cannibal's face, and Cooper wriggled and sputtered about. Having no other hopes left in his mind, Black tried one last attempt to get rid of the mugger's grasp. He chose the craziest option available in his mind. He licked the mugger's hand with his tongue, before spitting a large glob of saliva.

"Eww...yuck! Sh*t! Moth*r*\*ker!" the mugger release him, to wipe the dirty stuff from his hands. But big mistake for the mugger! Cooper Black didn't take it pleasantly when a stranger attacked...especially NOT from the back. He aimed one kick at his face, but the mugger caught his foot mid-air, causing Cooper to lose his balance. He fell in a heap on the floor.

The mugger grinned a nasty, satisfied grin. Only, it became 'nasty' when Cooper completed his revenge by knocking three of the mugger's teeth out.

Enraged, the mugger punched the gun from Cooper's hand right as soon as he drew it from the holster. Cooper, too stunned to speak, gulped as another strong blow made a dent on the side of his face.

"Ow...hey! I spent $399.50 for my facial issues, man! Not the damnable face, man!"

This made the weirdo mugger's grin wider by 5 mm, as he laid another satisfactory blow on the *other* side of Cooper's face.

Cooper now had his 2nd revenge done in his own absurd ways : he sent his opponent howling as he smashed his groin with his kneecap.

Cooper dived across the rotten ,hardwood floors, and picked his gun back up.

On instinct, the mugger held his hands up high, and dropped down on his knees. In his mind, Cooper tossed a coin - either Mercy or Death. Tragically and psychopathically, the coin landed as Death. Cooper shot three magazines full of rounds at the mugger, spraying blood, guts, and flesh everywhere. He hoped Rickardo wouldn't mind him messing up his storage chambers.

Instantly, a cry filled the rooms below. More like a shout. Gunfire followed by the sound of broken glass. Vandermann was in trouble.

***

When Cooper reached the ground floor, he found another mugger sprawled on the floor. He had been knocked out by a blow from a wine bottle, swung by Vandy. Vandermann held another such glass bottles in his grasp when Cooper found him.

"Oh, there you are! I thought I had lost you," Cooper dragged the corpse down the stairs, and placed it over the 'other' mugger's body. Wiping sweat off his forehead, he noticed the bottle of alcohol in Vandermann's hand."By the way, where did you get that bottle from? Here, lemme see that!"

He snatched the green-stained glass container and read the label.

"Well, well! It's a bloody Osgerdo 1984, a priceless vintage nowadays, indeed! Will you bother a sip or two, Vandy?"

Vandermann shook his head," I'm not into drinking alcoholic stuff, sir. I suggest you should drop the habit, too."

" 'Kay then, as you wish," Cooper yanked the cork off and glugged down half the drink within a single gulp. He refrained with a relieved "~Aaaah!"

"So where to now?" Vandermann asked when Cooper Black drained down the full bottle and left it on the upturned couch.

"Now..." he wiped his mouth on his sleeve."We strike direct gold! Follow me, for money's sake."

They strode off outside, into the warm, fresh sunlight, unlike the cold, dusty chasms of the so-called mansion. The soldiers and the driver were dozing in the car, for they hadn't slept a blink since they had left for California.

"Everyone! Onboard!" Cooper commanded his crew, half-drunk and half-sleepy."I wa-want a n-new carr-rr. We now lea-leave for Cala-Ca...California, where a c-car deal-l-ler awaits. C'mon you bluh-blood-uh-bloody mates. Let's get the heh-hell outta dis phlaice."

Chapter 2

Dealing doesn't make sense

The troop was back on the suburban highways. Their destination : Yon Roncho's Auto X, downtown California.

Vandermann still didn't understand why they raided the mansion for no fruitful purpose at all. Peurcto Rickon, one of the NATO soldiers explained their cause.

"You see, Mr.Black had lent an epic sum of money to several dealers in the United States. Of the $25 billion, Rickardo had borrowed $10,000; Yon had taken $85,000; Mick Lardo had scruffed up $5,000; and lastly, Philias Cacroe, a hunted gangsta/gambler had looted $24,999,000,000 by hacking into Cooper's bank accounts. Now, Cooper Black shall pay. He'll pay his debtors with their deaths."

Vandermann sunk back in thought.

"But Cooper hadn't killed Viz," he found the catch in the previous mission."All we did was taking down a few of Rick's goons. They were armies of Viz, but not Viz himself!"

"Yeah, we know. It was a failed attempt, since we didn't have the ammo to fight back the demon, Rickardo Viz, who's always handy with his supply of M4 carbines. Plus, he's totally unpredictable.

"Yet, a few thousand dollars won't hurt a bit. The car dealer in California holds much more cash than the estate owner. Okay, Vugerton, let's wait till we reach our...um...destination."

***

When they reached the inner states, the main road was blocked by three concrete barricades, set up by the local police. Ford Interceptors formed quite a picture here. There was some kind of bank robbery taking place, but the thugs were still inside the bank, collecting their swag. The police took positions outside the building, flanking the entrance.

The five parked their 4x4 in a nearby alley and proceeded to the bank, toting their SMGs.

Cooper knew that it'd cost them a delay, but yet, saving souls was tenfold better than killing one. Anyways, they didn't have any choice.

The only way they were passing through the barricades, was by stopping the robbery.

A huge block of hollow concrete, riddled with glass windows, air conditioner outlets, and ventilation shafts - not to mention the two glass doors at the entrance - was the CFB (Civil Finance Bank), currently undergoing serious criminal treatment.

Of the five that arrived, only Cooper Black, Vandermann, and Exos Luke pushed their way among the dozen policemen, ignoring the strange glances and expressions they received.

Even from this distance, they heard the continuous tingling of an alarm bell ringing in the ground floor.

Cooper placed a hand on the door handle.

"Sir, watch out," a policeman warned."What the hell are you doing? This is no place for a civilian."

Cooper frowned at the officer, his eyes burned beneath the black shades.

"Who, me? I'm simply livin' my dream."

"Well dream whatever you wish, mister. Jus'...just don't try to act smart and stupid."

*That ought to shut him up.* Cooper pulled on the handle to bring to light a world of bright lights, fresh A/c, crisp dollar bills, and fear. The spectacular interior design of the bank took their breath away. Shaded lights and lamps shone evenly across the stretch of the room.

The trio thought they'd bring the robbery off in the end, but all their hopes turned to water when a guard took them in and then held a gun behind their backs.

Cooper saw the point at once, and thought if he could bring him round to releasing them, with a bribe.

"Now lookie here, man," he showed him a $100 bill."I'll pay you if you release my fellas. Do as I say, pal. Take the money. Take it."

The 22 year old G4S guard took his words in and accepted his offer. He took back his 9mm pistol and shoved aside Vandermann and Luke while barging his path in an attempt to flee - but failed. He tasted the pain of wearing handcuffs right as soon as he left the gates.

*Stupid amateurs*, Cooper smirked. He turned back to his main business. The collection of thugs were right in front.

"Well, well, well!" the leader of the thugs, a buffed up biker-type criminal, chortled in the most iconic cliché way of greeting."What de hell do we have here! Valiant heroes that've come to *cough* *cough* the peoples' *cough* *cough* rescue!" He hefted a large version of the HK MP5.

His companions were only three in number, but wielded MP5ks for their initial support. The leader of the pack gestured, and the thugs were off into the vaults of the bank, cascading down a flight of stairs situated at the southeastern corner of the room. Before they were through, one of them warned, "Don't you *uc*ing dare!"

***

By the time Cooper and co. had arrived within the bowels of the vault, the goons were already on the move. Sure enough, according to the 'international etiquette of chaotic outlaws and gangsters', they had left their mark.

The metal walls were badly shot at; the flickering halogen lighting couldn't keep darkness at bay; security guards lay dead at their positions, with their guns either missing or broken apart.

A faint clinking noise came from the end of the corridor, with many money-gold safes leading out of doors. At the end of the corridor, a platinum-plated triple layer gate blocked access to the prime treasure inside. The thugs were already through the first layer, drilling with a 15 cm pinwheel. Looks like the thugs were greedy enough not only to claim the money, but also the 'stuff' stored in the most secure place in CFB. Beyond the platinum-tungsten alloy gates, 150 tons of 26 carat gold (extra extra pure gold) stood on platforms, shaped in fresh ingots.

"Well, gentlethugs, I'm sure that your playtime's over. Come and see us off with guns, and not words or masks."

The leader thug raised his hand, slowly coming into contact with his head, and removing his mask. Beneath his mask, hid a bulky block of flesh with two eyes sunk deep under the weight of his bulging, frowning eyebrows. His nose wrinkled with anger, his large, yellowish teeth gritted against each other, above the bushy black beard, striped with gray. His hair, as well, was colored black as jet, with streaks of gray near the sideburns.

"Ho! I"m Dorritor Kho," the leader of the thugs introduced himself."I come from Costa Ric---"

"Yes, yes! That's enough, that's enough. No need to provide any further detail of your history," Cooper broke in."Let's all just get along and be done with it."

Everyone in Cooper's team unholstered their weapons.

But the thugs laughed out loud.

"You...you puny, little, bravosian warriors! Which generation are you guys livin' in, huh?" Kho took out a pulse cannon the size and shape of a baby Great White shark."This is BFG10K, baby! A real 21st century weapon. Unlike your 1980s SMGs!" the thugs broke into another fit of laughter."Now...now eat these waves of radiobeams!"

The miniature pulsar trapped inside the cannon began charging up, whirring at incredible rates of speed. A green LED display lit up on the side of the gun, indicating a numerical 'loading progress'.

"Ah, snap!" Kho hit the gun with the heel of his palm of his hand."This *uc*ing thing takes such a long time to recharge! Speed up, you little piece o' weaponry gizmo. Oh, sh*t!" he turned towards his thug mates."Didn't I tell you lot to bring me some new pieces of raw coronium core? What're you looking at, *itc*es? Take your MP5ks out! We'll show these 'suckers' what we can do!"

Not a moment was wasted.

Cooper aimed a shot at Kho's left knee, but it hit the right hand, and the pulsar cannon went flying towards the floor. In an instant, a fight began and ended, as the other thugs were knocked out cold by Vandermann and Exos.

"Damn you all, moth******ers!" Dorritor cursed while Cooper pinned him down to the floor."I'm tellin' you, I'll burn down each of you to---*muffle*---"

Exodus inserted the muzzle of the BFG10K into Kho's mouth, silenced by his own weapon.

They heard footsteps of the policemen, marching down the stairs.

***

When all the clapping, shouts of applause died down, and after the police barricade was removed, the trio rendezvoused with the other two NATO soldiers. They hit the road once more, on their Cheetah 400.

It was almost nightfall, when the team arrived at a parkway, in front of the forsaken automobile showroom, named 'Yon Roncho's Auto X", beside the road.

No doubt, the place was full of brand new models of sports cars, travelling limos, patrolling roadsters, etc. The lights were on, and could be seen from afar, since all the walls of the building were made of bulletproof, polished glass; except for the opaque concrete floors and ceilings.

This time, Exos and Black moved out, leaving Vandermann to sit back and chat with the soldiers - plus, they could safely enjoy the view of any possibilities of a gunfight. Furthermore, the walls were made of glass and were transparent, so they'd easily observe any detail of the movements of people inside.

"Hello, and welcome, sirs," Yon Roncho, a middle-aged man of the mid 40s - with thinning gray hair and a freshly-shaved beard - greeted the newcomers with an innocent friendly smile on his face."How may I help you, to choose the perfect style of your ride? If you like sporting racecars, please step this way. If you prefer roadsters or SUVs, come with me, upstairs. And if you like---"

"Enough chitchat. We're not here for buying or selling automobiles," Cooper fingered a 9mm bullet and a rifle bullet, in his pocket."We're here for the money. The money you owe Dirt Muncher."

While trading, Cooper usually put forward his pseudonyms, the better to keep his own identity secret."All eighty five thousand dollars."

"Umm...may I get your role in this business?" Yon felt troubled all of a sudden. Sweat droplets sprinted down his neck, and danced on his forehead."Who are you gentlemen? Do you work...do you work for Dirt Muncher?"

"Wrong answer," Cooper showed him a revolver, a legendary Magnum 44.8 (doesn't even exist!)."I am Dirt Muncher. Now where is the goddamn cash stash, huh?"

Yon froze solid like liquid CO~2~. For a moment, they thought he'd faint and drop down to the ground like a hinge at his feet. Without warning, he dashed out of the building and made for a yellow Lamborghini Murcielago, parked adjacent to the Cheetah 400.

"Hey, don't you...c'mon mans, lez take him down!"

"You know it, Black," Exos Luke kickstarted the 4x4, literally! He slammed his foot so hard at the accelerator, the gears broke loose and fused together to form an "ultra gear".

"Get the car! Get the car!" Cooper constantly kept shouting and pointing at the yellow - the only yellow - car on the streets. The NATO soldiers drew out their Socom 16s, but Cooper gestured them a 'no'."No dudes, I don't wanna make him bleed. We only need to chase him down to wherever he desires to take us to."

The Lamborghini was modified, with extra nitro boost tanks, and a 15 turbine transmitter engine. But the speedevil's speed was no match for the highly-durable and compatible range of the land rover. The engines in both cars hummed, pumped, and whirred, sending clouds of exhaust behind, as a trail.

While Yon Ronch freaked out in his car at every turn of the road, the penta team was having a relaxed atmosphere. They listened to 'MH21:Trail' on their Mp3 player, while chugging down more cans of 'Red Bull', enjoying every bit of the long run, as they chased their target downhill, along highways, graveled roads, across bridges, and even took to the skies when there was a ramp nearby.

The petrol fumes from the engine, overheating too much, wafted towards their nostrils, as they listened to the natural music of tires screeching against asphalt. Yon Roncho, on the other 'grimy' hand, pressed his shoes hard against the pedals, trying to save himself, and prayed silently as he panicked, wide-eyed, breathing his last gusts of air and muttering his last words, i.e. "How the hell did those bi**h*s find me?"

Eventually, Cooper and co. (penta team) grew bored of the sport. Exos Luke ended it all, with a gunshot at the Lamborghini's rear tires.

The car went screeching towards a cliff with a small patch of the western beach, below. There wasn't much traction between the tires and the sandy soil, hence the car slipped out of control, spun round 180 degrees, and skidded along the dead end of the road, between rows of vegetation fringing as hedges for windbreak, to prevent any form of soil erosion. The sea was open, a mass of glittering blue with a mixture of shades of green, complete with the volatile reflection of the waning moon, now in its gibbous stage. It was quite a peaceful place, but what would happen if somebody's death was planned here, tonight? Who'd dare shed blood in such tranquil waters?

Yon Roncho's car skidded to a halt, just inches from the edge of the cliff. A fall from there would be like falling from a 60 feet high building's rooftop. The cliff's edges already were crumbling down, due to the weight of the Lambo. In a few more minutes, the entire cliff would collapse - along with the car, and Yon Roncho, unless he didn't get out of the car ASAP.

For Yon's part, the stakes were deadly. It would mean madness, if he got out of the car, straight into the hands of Cooper Black, who's currently demanding money in order to save his hide. It would mean death, if he stood locked in his car, as the cliff collapsed sooner or later. Worst of all, it would mean suicide if he jumped off the cliff. He'd receive fatal injuries in either paths, or even if serious, death. What choice did he have remaining?

Roncho's mind flicked from one choice to the other. Yet, each choice was worse than the previous. Only one final decision clogged up his mind : 'fake surrender'.

He planned that, as soon as Cooper and his friends would arrive near his car, he'd hold his hands up high and pretend to surrender. He'd even agree to pay back his debts to Cooper Black, and on their way home, he'd grab a gun and shoot each and every one of them to bloody red pieces of sh*tty sh*tty smithereen-like pulpy lumps of humanoid clusters of messy, gross corpses.

A wide grin spread like 'Jello' on his face, while he pictured the scene. He opened his car door, and changed the devious grin to an innocent pout.

"I surrender!" he lied."I surrender, sir! I'll obey your each and every ---"

A flash of light. A bang. Yon's lightweight body went flying away, down and down, over the edge of the cliff.

"--- command," Yon's voice went drifting through the wind, so it sounded more like "chand".

Cooper, not knowing what 'chand' meant, typed the word in Google translate on his phone. His smartphone screen read," 'Chand' is Indian for 'moon'."

"Damn, that Roncho sure is mad!" he scratched his head."I wonder what he meant by 'moon', when he's only getting his soul wrapped with death."

Cooper holstered the smoking revolver, and gestured his companions to follow him.

Down below, Yon Roncho glided forwards, towards the shallow blue coastline, as his clothes flapped around. The wind rushed against his face. A bullet hole in his left shoulder marked the spot where Cooper had claimed him. The sea crept up to embrace him. A deathly embrace, that one would never forget.

"Shiddamn! Such a waste!" Cooper realized what he had done."If only I kept my temper and if that crazy, blockheaded Roncho hadn't died! Now there goes all my eighty five grand down de drain!"

He turned to his mates."What're you guys looking at? Come, let's find a cheap motel to spend the night in. It's gettin' late and cold out here."

Chapter 3

Happy deathday to you!

The next morning, Cooper arranged a meeting at the lunch table, in one of the suites of 'Klirkson Star Motel'.

"Now listen up, comrades," Cooper Black began, after a sip of Starbucks."Today's our final day, to earn back what was ours, by right. The previous missions were miscalculated and returned as flawless failure. We've lost quite a bit of money that could've been recovered. I had hired you, Puercto Rickon, and Fredrick Max," he pointed at the two NATO soldiers."But I haven't said whether or not will I pay you, right?"

They simply nodded.

"Right. So I have decided that I will indeed pay you all handsomely, if we can get back the money by sunset. If not, then sad to say, I'll kick you outta the gang," Cooper smiled in his awkward habit of smiling whenever he put terms and conditions straight.

A political map of the USA was spread out on the table, with many lines drawn, depicting routes and 'planned' roads.

"We also have a new member with us, yeah," he patted Vandermann's shoulder like a long lost brother."It has been an honor to have you by our side, Vandy. You've proven your worth, I guess," he turned to the NATOs."Well...as for you two, I've got better plans. Go back to HUAC177 and report to General Skywalker for a few..um..plans, I've prepared for Mission Forkenstein. You know what I mean, righ'? Good," he bade them away.

Cooper got some suspicious and curious stares from Luke and Vugerton.

"Um...they're part of...an agency for whom I partly work for," he dabbed some perspiration from his forehead."What? What's wrong? Oh, don't worry you guys...I'm not part of anything 'evil'," he drew a sigh."'Kay. Exodus and Vandermann, I regret to tell you this---" the door shut with a **thump** as the NATOs left."The deaths of the people so far, haven't returned a single buck!" he got up from his chair and armed a Gatling gun."Today, will be a fruitful day, I tell you! Today, there mustn't be any mistakes. Gentlehomies, let's take to the streets!"

And so, the trio left for the location of another debtor : Phoenix, near the Grand Canyon, bound for more money. But will they succeed in their mission, or will it be less profitable than the last? Or, will it be the difference between life and death?

***

The three members of CB's team rode their Cheetah 400, early morning, bound for Phoenix. More soundtracks from Mahir Beats rolled in the Mp3 player. PET bottles and aluminium cans of 'Red Bull' and 'Coca Cola' were fully stocked, equivalent to the amount of ammunition they carried this stance. With the subtraction of two men from aboard, the ammo crates fit in comfortably.

They wolfed down giant hamburgers the size of paving stones, sizzling with sauce, and luscious with mayonnaise. Their 4x4 passed a milestone, engines roaring in the crisp morning breeze of dawn. Their 4x4 sent dust particles billowing after them. Luckily (or maybe unluckily), most of the west coast of America was currently deserted, due to the Russian invasions that struck violently at the coastlines. The cunning Russian military made their dens away from the reach of peoples' vision. No wonder why many Hummers and LAVs were found patrolling the highways.

Inselburgs, buttes, gorges, and mushroom rocks remained scattered around their environment, on either side of the road. The scenario clearly stated, "Turn back, folks, or get lost! This is the Grand Canyon of Arizona and Phoenix."

When they reached a place called Flagstaff, they stopped their course to refuel, for a brief break. They ordered burritoes, to get themselves back to the 'wanderlust' mood.

After a short period of three hours, Cooper knew they were in the wrong direction. They came face-to-face with an altitude in the Earth's crust. It rose to a height of about 3851 meters above sea level.

"Humphrey's Peak?" Cooper scratched his head, and led his fellow members back, southwards.

They had lost a total of five hours, by arriving at the wrong point, in the wrong direction. Unlike many other sci-fi tech agents, Cooper Black didn't trust the coordinates. Vandermann had accidentally placed his SMG near the vehicle's built-in compass. It came into contact with the magnetic field, interfering with the directions. Hence, he was the one at fault.

***

And now, introducing...

...Philias Cacroe!

He was the best liar in the whole, round, wide world. He was the greatest gangsta, cruelest mugger, and money sucker. He inspired millions, and most of them had become well-known criminals like himself. His family were all dead (father died of smoking, mother of choking, brother of drinking), so he rented a small hotel on the outskirts of urban Phoenix.

He was peacefully having a cup of cappuccino coffee, when the doorbell rang, and three sweaty, hairy fists knocked on the door, at the same time. It made a sound similar to thumping a block of wood, with an iron rod.

No answer. They rapped again, at different intervals.

*Knock! Knock! Knock!*

Philias Cacroe expected them, to be new recruits for learning stealth craft.

On the third wave of blows (actually, it was 'kicks' this time), Cacroe dared to open the latch, unlock the padlock, and input the digiSMART code into the digiLOCK. The birch doors burst open, and Cooper and his troops rolled sideways, as they barged through.

"Yo Cacroe! How's my money you borrowed? All sold out? Give me back my cash, or I'll blow your brains out! You stupid schmuck!"

Philias stood rooted to the spot, unable to decide what to do. His nervous eyes peered from corner to corner, looking for a good gun.

Cacroe's room was full of dust, books on crime cases, guns of different sizes - from 9mm pistols, to Kalashnikovs; criminal magazines, and was littered with rotten pizza slices, burger buns, spilt ketchup, and pieces of crumbled paper. A heavy M1014 shotgun rested on an oaken desk, full of drawers bearing cartridges, shells, magazines, and bullets.

An open glass window revealed the road, 20 feet below, outside, surrounded with concrete buildings, apartments, cafés, amidst the backdrop of an evening sky, fresh with its purplish hue.

The criminal squeezed through the window with ease, thanks to his lean and flexible body. In fact, he had been in the Olympic gymnastics thrice, before turning evil and defile.

Unfortunately, his calculations weren't accurate; he dropped like a stone being dropped into a pond, landing on all fours, on top of a taxi cab, parked below.

"Oy! Get 'im!" Cooper Black reloaded the Gatling in his hands. He barraged away ruthlessly at anything that stood intact in his sight, from dumpsters to glass windows, props to cars; but not people. People weren't on the streets today. But with all the chaos and wreckage they were causing, it took only seconds for the neighboring people, to peer out of their windows.

The older folk - not understanding what this sort of fight was all about - dialed 911 on their phones. Soon, the area was full of people gazing out of every window visible, enjoying the live action. From tiny toddlers to retired elders - all remained silent as the 'group of troublemakers'(what they called Cooper & co. and Philias) fought with big guns with loud noises.

***ROAR! DANG! WHIZ! TUONG! TANG! BANG! DHASH!***

While Cooper distracted Cacroe, Vandy and Exos tumbled rapidly down the stairs and found a vantage point each. Vandy took position behind a ruined dumpster, while Exos Luke crouched behind a crate with dimensions 4x3x4 meters. They gestured to Black, "We're ready."

As for the criminal, he found a hiding spot,too, on the other side of the street, under the shadow of a roadworks barrier. Out of his pocket, he produced an ultra-sophisticated model of the traditional Colt.45 semi-automatic handgun.

"Alright, everyone, in positions?" Cooper whispered into a miniCOD (mini Communication Operating Device).

"Yes, sir," replied Vandermann.

"Yesss...er..."replied Exodus."Black, I'm not sure about this!"

"FIRE IN THE HOLE!" snarled Cooper Black. His black pupils reflected the sight of the body of Philias Cacroe bursting with the impact of so many bullets, launching bits of meat, and sprays of blood around its environment.

Finally, it all ceased.

Cooper Black couldn't believe he'd done it, he couldn't believe they had it! They couldn't believe..

***BANG!***

Police sirens filled in every corner of his mind.

**TO BE CONTINUED...** ...IMMEDIATELY! ^_^

***

A blinding flash of light.

He was there...pointing a gun...

A blinding flash of light.

...he was there pointing a gun...

A blinding flash of light.

...he was there pointing at his own reflection...

Complete darkness.

...he put his finger on the trigger...

Complete darkness.

...he pulled the trigger...

Those eyes. Those eyes, bleeding face, falling body...

"Cooper...Black..."

He got nearer.

"...the letters..."

Then he understood.

***

"Cooper Black, wake up sir. Take these letters, from Joe Catshoe," Vandermann said to a stranger, sitting on the floor of his jail cell. Instead of a cowboy hat that usually shaded his face, it was now free. His wild hair stood flaccid. Vandermann showed him the clutched envelopes."Take the letters, sir. I should've given them to you earlier."

They were in an underground maximum security chamber, surrounded with rocky walls, held in place by wooden frames. The other cells were empty; only Cooper's cell wasn't vacant.

It used to be an abandoned mining shaft, but since the government wasn't paying the jailors much money, they had to rebuild this shaft as an underground prisoner managing institute.

The builders wanted to be misers ("Hey, let's be misers!") and they saved $49.79 by using wooden frames instead of iron ones. The electricians wanted to be the worst misers ("Hey, we're the worst misers, yo!") and saved $500 by stealing the old incandescent bulbs and selling them for $80 each, to the shaft's owners. They made a total profit of (C.P.=$0, S.P.=$80x10, P=SP-CP, T.P.=$800!) $800. But $300 were needed to bribe the cops to keep their mouths shut. As a result, the UPMI became the worst, I mean the WORST, prison on the planet!

For example, there weren't any toilets, nor any food to be given to the prisoners, and no guards --- wait, 'no guards'?

Cooper thrust his massive arms through the rusty iron bars, and tore them off...clean off.

"Vandy, thanks for dropping by and making me realize my mistake."

"No problemo. I had tried to explain, that killing innocent people..."

"Not about *that*, you fool! I never knew, that this place was unguarded! If I had known, I'd have escaped within forty two seconds!" he shook his head and snickered at himself."But let that all go, buddy. Come, let's get to street level."

***

"So-called maximum security chamber! No guards at all! Making me a fool of myself, huh!" Black grumbled as they walked along the unknown road, with buildings lit with neon signs on either side. Cars, buses, trucks, etc. blocked pedestrians from crossing the street.

The street was similar to the one at Las Vegas. The entire place seemed like a clone of the actual Vegas. Cooper tried glancing at some of the signs: "Starlight Casino", "Deluxe Dream House", "King Kline's Palace", "Pompo's Pizzaria", "Middle State Casino", "Sweeter Thangs", "Dunklesteus Autos", "Cenarius's Scenario", etc.

The closest sign they saw, was a hotdog stall beside the sidewalk. It read, "Warton Wellington's Hotdoggies...57, Vundoppler St."

"We're in Vundoppler street?" Cooper seemed startled."I never thought the place even existed!"

Vandermann said nothing. The location was too ultra-modern for him. The array of concrete-and-glass towers and skyscrapers soared to astonishing heights. In the horizon, 24°up, and on a 010° bearing, the duo spotted a well-known building with its iconic slanted rooftop.

"Whoa, I didn't realize there was a Symbiocyte branch here, as well!" Cooper Black had known a friend named Harrison Garison. He lived in New York with his motel and GF, working for the IMF. From time to time, he stole away into Symbiocyte to receive intel on technology."Looks like there's an outlet or research center everywhere in North America! Right, Vugerton?"

Vandy nodded. He still wore his military cap and gear.

"Say, would you wanna go into one of those 'asinoes?"

Vandy nodded, again.

"Okey then," he squinted aroun, choosing a perfect casino. Unlike the other western parts of America they had visited so far, Vundoppler St. was teeming with citizens. Cooper's eyes danced around, trying to find a suitable casino while Vandermann checked his black wrist chronograph which displayed [8:43 pm]."Aha, I got it!" Cooper slammed his fist onto his palm."We go to...that one."

His index finger pointed towards the northwest, where a 50 m radius giant upturned frustum advertised its name with blue-red neon lights, "Fortune-K Casino", with the "K" illuminated by a yellow neon.

"Looks pretty awesome to destroy, right?"

Vandermann silently nodded, once more.

***

If you ever believe in heaven, after seeing the interior of the casino, you'll not believe anymore.

After passing through the polished birch doors, the duo stepped onto a red velvet carpet that stretch endlessly in all directions. It even covered the interior stairs.

The walls were layered vertically, with black marble at the bottom, white diorite in the middle, and peach granite at the top. The ceiling was made of a material that had a yellow luster so shiny, it looked like gold. It was so well-polished and neat, it behaved as a mirror, reflecting all the light and focusing it onto the people and flooring.

As for the lights, they were tinted yellow, hidden behind stained glass decorated with ornate frames, perched evenly at the top layer of the walls.

They had never been in such an atmosphere. It all so rich, so exquisite, so fascinating...indeed, every American lived their dreams. The building was circular in perimeter, with air conditioning and soft orchestra music piped in through invisible speakers. The single hall was packed with rich couch potatoes who only made a living by gambling. A strong perfume was also present, which made you think of pink.

At the very center of the place, a giant maze of casino games stood arranged in a ring, with the harder games inside and the easier ones outside. Nonetheless, gamblers and addicts bustled near every game possible. The outermost ring was the easiest game : virtual 'match-3-and-win'. The innermost game (it was the hardest, so it was at the hub - a diamond chandelier hung about ten feet above) was the renown 'Wheel of Fortune'.

"Whoah..." both Cooper and Vandermann exclaimed, in awe. Sadly, they didn't have enough cash to afford ANY of those games. Instead, they chose to slump onto one of the purple leather couches situated throughout the perimeter of the casino ring. Though still energetic, the duo drew an abyss of sighs."Phew..damn my *ss, where's this Luke gone?"

Vandermann shrugged his shoulders.

"Nope, don't ask me. I haven't seen him since we split for the Cacore...Cac...oh, whatever that guy's name was!" Vandermann was helpless, too. Both he and Cooper were totally frustrated with the whole day's effort leading to no victory.

"'Kay, lemme see what I can---"

Cooper was about to dial Luke's number on his phone, when he caught sight of something unexpected, that made his heart leap.

Chapter 4

We play no games

Exodus Luke, driver of the Cheetah 400, sat in the VIP lounge, having a chat with some other men, all dressed in official suits.

"Well, well! Lucky piece of iron hanging around with bars of gold? This is seemingly madness, yo!" Cooper Black grumbled as he paced towards him.

"...and then, I said 'Who are you looking for, eh?' ha ha ha..." the group of VIPs shared an ancient Italian joke, which certain people have lost their taste in. Exos cleared his throat as he caught sight of Black steaming towards him. He gulped as he, too, shared a seat on the marble-chiseled chairs.

"Gentlemen, would you mind leaving?" Cooper proffered.

"Well, no but...um..."

"Leave now, or else..." Cooper produced a Mustang Snub revolver. He shot six rounds at the vaulted ceiling, in a 'C' pattern.

Immediately, utter chaos and shock hovered and spread through the place, and people began jostling their way out - including the casino staff! That noise drove off the flock of VIPs, as well.

"Ahh! Finally some peace!" he turned to Exos."As for you, dear friend, you'll need to have a bloody explanation ready...you got a LOT to explain, buddy. Oh yeah, a lot."

"L-look Black, now don't do anything stupid in front of all these---"

"Shhut upp, you stupid *uck! What and how de hell did ya get here, that too, without informing or inviting us?" Cooper swung the revolver back and forth in his hand, dangling from an arm rested on the chiseled marble.

"Well I wanted to tell you this...but...you see, Black, I 'own' this casino," Exos tried his best not to seem afraid. Let alone his reputation, Cooper - when *totally* pissed off - has the potential to kill his own loved ones. It was one of the negative virtues he possessed.

"You...WHAT?! HOW? WHEN??" Cooper boomed in a voice so loud and menacing, the people sped out in augmented flurries."If you lie, then it'll be your last lie you ever speak, *friend*."

The extended accent on the last word made Exos gulp.

"Calm down, please! Let me explain," he took a deep breath before continuing."We really shouldn't be talking about this in the open. Follow me, bud," he stood up from his 'throne of reclination'."We need a ride. I got a Lambo."

"You...got...a...Lambo?" Cooper felt as if stabbed by greed and envy."And you...you never told me?" he looked at his old friend with a pitiful expression."Why man? Why the big difference and the big secrets? Why, I tell ya, WHY?"

"Patience, dude. You'll gain your answers," Exos Luke escorted him away from the main entrance."Oh, no, dude. Not that way. We go out the back."

Cooper's anger receded like a runny hourglass. He holstered his weapon, looked up at the damage he'd caused, and sunk his head in shame.

Vandermann picked up their tail.

Exos Luke led them to the queer back of the casino, untouched by engineers and architects. Loose wires and planks were a frequent guest. A dilapidated wooden door met their sight at the end. Luckily, Luke found a few rotten chairs secluded from the crowds, so it was optional for them to exit the casino. Cooper preferred that they stay indoors.

"So, Exos. Begin."

"Okay," Exos Luke cleared his throat before proceeding."Previously, in the past few months, I had been working at the eastern harbors."

Cooper nodded.

"I worked for Hratt Wright, an international firearms supplier who exported large stashes of M4 carbines to the other nations. I decided to take one crate for myself, when one sneaky little bugger named Kooka Shont caught me in the act. I punched him, he kicked back. I kicked him, he punched back. He was quite a formidable opponent, that *itch!" Luke allowed himself a wide grin."Finally, I had managed to eliminate him...using one of the guns from a nearby crate. Immediately, all the workers and Hratt with his goons, sped along like street dogs towards me...towards the direction of the noise. They brought metal wrenches, wooden canes, etc. to pin me down.

"Alas, I shot them all down!" his eyes lit up with an insane gleam."Till I was left with about thirty crates full of illegal weaponry, and 'bout a truckload o' corpses. I had to think for half an hour on how to get rid of those 'harmful' objects. Suddenly, my brain was hit with the most brilliant idea I had ever imagined!"

Cooper's eyes grew wilder by the minute, eager to listen to Exos's story of glory."And then, what?"

"Then, my friend," Luke inhaled another gulp of air."I rushed to the nearest Ammo Nation store, and sold all of the damn guns. In return, I got another heavy burden! I received more than $48 billion genuine greens fo' selling those guns! Later on, I deposited all of the cash in buildin' this entire casino. As for the corpses, I..uh..left 'em there for the stupid cops and FBI to scratch their heads with no clue to who killed such great a number of people, heh heh!" Luke paused a moment."I still wanted more adventure. I had already lost my job. So I joined you guys in your everlasting quest to cleanse this land from the Russian Rebel Forces."

They heard the babble of voices in the background. People had gathered back in and settled down. It was quite strange to assume that moments ago, they all were scrammed away by Cooper's gunshots. And now, they were back in!

"Wholly! All these days, I never knew we were ridin' with a billionaire!"

Exos Luke nodded and patted Black's back.

"So what do we do now, leader?"

"Leader, me? I don't think so. You, Luke, are the perfect man worthy of such a title."

"No, Black! No. Even if I'm richer than you doesn't mean it is my 'duty' to serve. No matter what, you'll always remain the man of the match."

"Oh, damn you, Luke, you hell of a draconian **stard! Come give me a hug, brother!"

Cooper and Luke embraced in the brotherly love they shared. They shook hands and patted each others' backs. Vandermann only watched them both, feeling lost.

"Here in this casino, we're at your service, Exos."

"Al'ight, Black you crazed son of a *other**cker! In that case, feel free to play the games we offer around here," he said boldly."Here's $200 for both of ya," he handed two $100 tokens each."Play Blackjack; it's cheaper and easier than Baccarat or Roulette."

When the VIPs returned, Luke resumed their talk as well as tried to explain whatever weird stuff had happened in the last ten minutes. The duo (Coop an' Vandy) settled at a Black jack table. The crowd was back to normal.

Cooper Black felt left out. He didn't know which fact was worse : *'the fact that your friend is lonely and poor'* or *'the fact that your friend is richer and more popular than you think he is'*.

He turned his thoughts to the game.

He placed $100 as the bet and drew. The opponent had a 7 clubs and a ? card. His tock held 9 hearts. He drew again. Opponent added 8 clubs, Cooper got a J spade. He squinted as he stopped the draw. Scores : Opponent = 24; Cooper Black = 19. Cooper won!

"That's right!" he received additional $200."You risk getting lost, if you know what I mean!"

Enthusiastic, this time Cooper placed all the money he had ($300) as the bet, and drew. The opponent had a K diamond and a ? card. Cooper drew 6 clubs. At the next draw, opponent held a Q heart, while Cooper got 9 diamonds. He thought he'd strike rich again, so he stopped. Oops! Opponent's score was exactly 21! Cooper lost $300.

"Ai, that's not fair, yo!" he tried to snatch it back, but he couldn't. He glanced at the nearby table, where Vandermann played like a pro. His stock kept soaring to $25,000 without a single loss! His mind worked like a machine, his eyes and face were still as a stone statue. His mouth was silent as a mime. The only action his body worked, was the movement of his hands, as he gestured to draw, bet, stop, and collected his cash rewards.

"Now that's a real playa," Cooper felt pride in Vugerton's work."Wish I could play like that."

You see, dear readers! Gambling is illegal because it not only increases your overconfidence, but also decreases the amount of money you have. When someone wins a game, the person takes the opponent's money, right? The person taking the money is the equivalent of a thief robbing the money from a victim. What's worse, it happens in front of the victim's eyes, and there's absolutely 'nothing' that he/she can do about it! Sad, isn't it?

So, unless you're a blockheaded, half-witted, brainless dork, DO NOT GAMBLE...EVER! Throw away the gambling habit, or suffer as you've never done before! If you don't believe me, then you shall not proceed any further, with Cooper Black's story.

I'm waiting...

***

A while later, Cooper settled down beside Exos Luke, with the letters in his hands.

"Oh, eternal torment! I lost so much money! All the $25 billion is lost!" Cooper Black cursed their ill luck and spoiled fate."Now, now. Lemme see what these envelopes hold. Might be a bill, a warrant, or maybe some advertisement. Who sent this, by the way," he checked the text on the cover."Hmm...it's from my uncle, Joe Catshoe."

Vandermann stared at the floor, drenched deep with guilt.

"Last seen my uncle a year ago. Wonder where he is, now. Probably in exile after the landing of the damn bloody RRF!" he gripped the edge, stuck a finger under the flap, and ripped it open with a single stroke.

Three papers popped out. He picked one out and scanned the page. He figured them to be dossiers of some sort. His uncle's research. Within minutes, his face glowed, his eyes lit up, and a hearty smile was born on his face.

"Guys, these are important research intel collected by my *ucki*g uncle Joe. He's discovered a bio lab at the heart of the Sonoran desert, where the freakin' Russians are conducting weird-as-hell experiments," Cooper pulled out a second paper."Detroitilies! This is a list of missions me uncle was supposed to do. I guess he wanted us to complete them for him. Guess he's too busy with his work."

With every passing word or sentence concerning Cooper's uncle, Vandermann's face sunk in depression. What if he gets to know? What if they hunt me down for what I had done?

"Completing each mission objective shall deposit $40,000 in our bank accounts! Holy shit, Luke, we just hit the jackpot! We just need to bring the evidence to some selected people in New York, and voila, we get ourselves a nice sum of money."

"Good to hear, Black. But I suggest we spend the night somewhere safe. We need all our energy for tomorrow. I've got suites booked at King Kline's Palace. Jus' down the street. Meet you there, buds."

"But where the hell are you off to, Luke?"

"Oh, nothing much. Jus' need to send an explanation plus a hefty bribe to the local police department. I gotta hide your tracks 'fore the cops know that you're here. Damn, man, all because of your stubborn attitude I gotta explain to people that your 'gunshots' was nothing but a publicity stunt."

"Heh heh. Sorry for your inconveniences, Luke. But you're my bro, yeah. You're de perfect bro I could offa!"

***

The next day...

"So, where to now?" Exos Luke led them to the back alley of his casino, where his awesome Lamborghini Aventador awaited their arrival.

"Now...it's time for the unfinished business."

Chapter 5

Unfinished Business

Fast forwarding thirty hours...

The trio was back in NYC, searching around Manhattan for an 'Ammo Nation' outlet. But point to be noted : you'd have to be dumb to set up an unauthorized weapon shop at street level, that too, *undisguised*. Cooper had befriended a certain gun dealer, though, who dealt with "extreme" items. Eventually, they found a deteriorated apartment, covered with urban tags.

They parked their car. They stood stiff. Wooden beams blocked the entrance to the building.

"The hell? Why's the door boarded up?" Cooper concealed no hidden facts about the dealer's whereabouts. He hadn't checked in at the store for nearly a fortnight."No problemo. I think I know what's the flaw here."

He bent down and removed the doormat. Beneath it, he dug out a loose slab. Beneath *that*, he found a tomahawk.

"To kill a thug, you got to think like one," Cooper chopped down the beams with a single blow. He pushed open the main door, and gestured at his mates to follow.

Inside, they found a corridor without any doors leading out of it, save for a staircase at its end. No lights were on. Blankets of darkness and layers of isolation hovered along the whole length of the corridor. At the bottom, there was an iron door barring the way. Cooper knocked on it thrice. A sliding peephole slid apart. Behind that door, two blue eyes studied the three figures awaiting entrance. Recognizing Cooper, the door instantly clicked open.

"Olé lefollo, Cooprion!" a bearded biker greeted Black, Luke, and Vandermann. He wore a plain red jacket, with the cloth torn at the shoulders. A pair of blue-gray denim shorts adorned his soccer legs. Blonde hairs grew on his chin and also covered his head like a heavy wig. Biker gloves shielded the coarse hairs on his knuckles."Welcome back, Cooprion." he turned his attention to the newcomers."And welcome to the world of guns, guns, guns! Dear sirs, how may I help in fragging your opponents?"

He reclines on a wooden bench, his back facing the wall. All around the hall-like 24 sq. meter room, crates full of metal scraps were crammed into every available space. Wait! These metal scraps were actually freshly-imported weapons from various nations and makings round the world. Among the brands and trademarks, "Heckler&Coch" and "Colt" were dominant.

"Will it be the usual M-burners, Blackburn?" the keeper of the store got up and walked over to a collection of M4 carbines.

"Erm...no, Jake. I'm assigned to a task. Agency duty. Wanna join?"

"Sure thing, man...but I've got my business to take care of. Plenty o' substitutes and competitors in the market, dude. Even a day off from ma' store means day off for life! And those *itchin' Hit Team members are back in town. Ahem...anyways, what sorta guns d'you need?"

"The kind that bashes freakin' spies, soldiers and scientists within seconds."

Jake paced about the shelves of heavy metal gear.

"Oh, lookin' for speed and gory passion, eh? 'Kay. Perhaps these Gatling monsters shall be of much use to you."

"Suppose so," Cooper thrust a hand into his pocket like a harpoon and drew out his wallet like a captured blue whale."How much?"

"Well...about three K dollars."

"$3000! Nah, that's a bit too much, Jake. Make it $2000."

"Alright, deal."

He extracted a meter-long 'Barracuda FLM' 1.5 cal Gatling gun and handed it to the enthusiastic buyer.

"Ooh, kinda heavy, too," Cooper checked its balance."Will work like real steel, I guess. Thanks. Take $1000 for now. I'll pay ya the other half soon."

"Anyone else interested?" Jake inquired after receiving his half due amount.

"Gimme two MP5s and six F1 grenades," Exos Luke demanded, with a handful of dollars. He dumped all of it onto the cash-in desk, lacking the patience to count."Keep the change."

Vandermann used his $25,000 in purchasing an AK-47 rifle, a flak jacket, a dogtag in the shape of a AH-64 helicopter (Vandy misses his favorite bird), and a Desert Eagle handgun.

"Bless you all for your purchases, sirs," Jake thanked while he bade off the customers."Do spread the word 'bout my shop, okay? Bye-eye!"

***

Okay then, we're off dudes," Cooper's eyes shone in correspondence with New York's sunlit skyline."Time for some opportunity, first. General Skywalker ain't gonna fire me from the MBC for being late. Besides, his mission is stale work. We got plenty o' time in our hands, so we use it."

"What's ringing in your bell, Coop?" Exos squinted amidst the burning sunshine.

"I say, we explore NY a bit. Learn about news. Then, we strike the Hit Team. Rumors say they are plannin' something big. Somethin' radioactive."

Meanwhile...

A few miles to the east, a cellphone blared. An anonymous speaker answered.

"Yes, sir. We're ready. Prepare the transaction. We should be receiving the nuke in ten hours' time."
